♪ TIMMY IS AN AVERAGE KID ♪
♪ THAT NO ONE UNDERSTANDS ♪
♪ MOM AND DAD AND VICKY ♪
♪ ALWAYS GIVING HIM COMMANDS ♪
BED, TWERP!
♪ THE DOOM AND GLOOM
UP IN HIS ROOM ♪
♪ IS BROKEN INSTANTLY ♪
♪ BY HIS MAGIC LITTLE FISH
WHO GRANT HIS EVERY WISH ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IN REALITY ♪
♪ THEY ARE HIS ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ WANDS AND WINGS ♪
♪ FLOATY CROWNY THINGS ♪
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ REALLY MOD, PEA POD,
BUFF BOD, HOT ROD ♪
♪ OBTUSE, RUBBER GOOSE,
GREEN MOOSE, GUAVA JUICE ♪
♪ GIANT SNAKE, BIRTHDAY CAKE,
LARGE FRIES, CHOCOLATE SHAKE ♪
♪ ODDPARENTS,
FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
♪ IT FLIPS YOUR LID
WHEN YOU ARE THE KID ♪
♪ WITH FAIRLY ODDPARENTS ♪
YEAH, RIGHT.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
COME ON, POOF.
SHOW ME TREE!
WELL, "BEE"
RHYMES WITH "TREE".
POOF SHOULDN'T BE OUT
IN PUBLIC LIKE THIS
UNTIL HE HAS MORE CONTROL
OF HIS SHAPE-SHIFTING!
DON'T FEEL BAD,
POOF.
DADDY USED TO BE
A TERRIBLE
SHAPE-SHIFTER,
BUT NOW WATCH
ME TURN INTO
A PING-PONG TABLE.
RAAAWRR!
YIIYYYY.
BLIMEY, I CAUGHT
A RARE GREEN LION!
TO THE ZOO, LADS.
Wanda: WELL, HE'S
GETTING BETTER.
AT LEAST HE HAS
4 LEGS THIS TIME.
UNH!
HELP ME, TIMMY TURNER.
MY FAKE-I-FIER IS,
LIKE, DEFECTIVE,
AND MY HOPE IS, LIKE,
THAT YOUR POWERFUL
FLOATING FRIENDS
MIGHT, LIKE, REPAIR IT!
LIKE.
OH, SHYA.
BLIMEY, AGAIN!
A TALKING OCTOPUS
WITH A GLASS-COVERED BRAIN!
TO THE AQUARIUM, BOYS!
LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
GOING TO THE ZOO
AND AQUARIUM LATER.
OK, POOF. CHANGE
INTO A BIRD!
HE'S GETTING BETTER.
BIRDS AND ROCKETS BOTH
FLY AND HAVE WINGS.
WAS THAT
AN EXPLODING BIRD?
YES. NO!
IT'S A BABY!
AND HE CAN FLOAT!
[ERRRRRP]
AND HE HAS
A FREAKISHLY
POWERFUL
GASTROINTESTINAL
SYSTEM!
EGADS!
WE'VE BEEN CHOSEN
TO RAISE A FLOATING,
BURPING ALIEN SUPER BABY!
I'M BACK. HEH.
YIIIHH.
TRANQUILIZER DARTS
ROCK!
COSMO! TIMMY'S PARENTS
FOUND POOF!
DAHH!
THOSE TWO HAVE
NO IDEA HOW TO
RAISE A CHILD!
NO OFFENSE, TIMMY.
NONE TAKEN.
COME ON. LET'S GO
GET YOUR BABY BACK.
A BOUNCING BABY BOY
WHO REALLY BOUNCES!
REMEMBER HOW WE
TRIED THIS
WITH TIMMY?
HE NEVER
BOUNCED BACK.
HI, MOM. HI, DAD.
WHAT YOU GOT THERE?
WOW! A BABY. COOL!
I'LL JUST TAKE HIM
BACK AND FIND HIS
REAL PARENTS, BYE.
DAH!
BUT WE'RE HIS
PARENTS NOW.
TIMMY, MEET YOUR
NEW SUPER-POWERED
BROTHER!
NICE TO MEET YOU
SUPER-POWERED BABY
THAT I'VE NEVER
MET BEFORE.
OH, WE SHOULD
GIVE HIM A NAME.
LIKE NEW TIMMY!
OR WHAT ABOUT
BETTER TIMMY?
WHAT?
THOSE ARE TERRIBLE NAMES!
OOH. MAYBE
JEALOUS TIMMY
IS RIGHT.
THEN, HOW ABOUT
SUPER BABY!
[YAWNS]
UH-OH. I THINK
IT'S NAP TIME!
I'LL GET THE BINKY!
WELL, THAT WAS EASY.
OK, POOF, JUST SHAPE-SHIFT
INTO A FISH
SO YOU CAN GO BACK
TO YOUR REAL PARENTS.
CLOSE ENOUGH.
HURRY UP, TIMMY!
WE MISS OUR BABY!
I'M TRYING,
BUT HE WON'T GO IN!
[CRYING]
DON'T CRY, GUYS.
I'LL GET HIM IN!
IT'S NOT US CRYING.
SUPER BABY'S GONE!
WE LOVED SUPER
BABY SO MUCH!
WHERE'D WE GET
THIS PICTURE?
OK, I WISH MY PARENTS
WEREN'T SAD
AND THEY FORGOT
ALL ABOUT POOF.
OH, NO.
YOUR PARENTS FELL
IN LOVE WITH POOF,
AND ACCORDING
TO DA RULES,
WE CAN'T UNWISH
TRUE LOVE!
BUT THERE'S GOT
TO BE A WAY
TO FIX THIS MESS
AND GET POOF
BACK TO YOU.
DA RULES SAY WE
CAN GET POOF BACK
IF YOUR PARENTS
GIVE HIM UP
"WILLINGLY".
THEN THAT'S WHAT
WE'LL MAKE THEM DO.
I WISH POOF WAS
ON THE COUCH.
SUPER BABY IS BACK!
HOORAY! WE CAN
BE PARENTS AGAIN!
THAT'S WHY I
MADE HIM THIS!
TADA!
NOW LET'S SEE IF
THIS BABY CAN FLY.
WHY DON'T I JUST TAKE YOU
TO THE AQUARIUM
LIKE I NEVER
TOOK TIMMY?
SUPER BABY AWAY!
THE AQUARIUM?
I ASKED HIM TO
TAKE ME THERE
LIKE,
A MILLION TIMES!
I MEAN, TO THE AQUARIUM!
[DOLPHIN CHATTERING]
AND THIS IS
CALLED A SEAL.
OH, EXCUSE ME.
A SEAL
WITH AN ATTITUDE.
HEY, DAD.
WEIRD RUNNING INTO
YOU HERE, HUH?
HEY. I THINK
IT'S TIME FOR ME
AND MY NEW BROTHER
TO BOND.
I DON'T KNOW,
JEALOUS TIMMY.
CAN YOU PUT YOUR
UNBRIDLED RAGE ASIDE
TO CARE FOR YOUR NEW
SUPER BABY BROTHER?
YOU BET!
I JUST WANT TO SHOW HIM
SOME TOTALLY COOL FISH
AROUND THE CORNER,
SO COULD YOU PLEASE
WILLINGLY HAND HIM OVER?
SURE, NON-SUPER SON!
GLAD TO SEE
YOU EMBRACING
YOUR SUPER SIBLING!
POOF!
WE MISSED YOU SO!
OK POOF, SHAPE-SHIFT
INTO YOUR LITTLE
GOLDFISH SELF.
I'LL TELL DAD
THAT YOU TOOK OFF
FOR OUTER SPACE
IN SEARCH
OF YOUR REAL--
TURNER!
YOU'VE GOT TO GET ME
OUT OF HERE, BRO,
AND, LIKE, FIX MY
FAKE-I-FIER, YO!
I TOLD YOU I'M NOT
THAT IN TO YOU.
FISHY!
NO, NO, POOF, NO FISHY!
[GIGGLES]
[SCREAMING]
POOF, NO!
YOU'RE NOT AN OCTOPUS.
YOU'RE A BABY!
A CUTE BABY!
EH! TIMMY!
THIS LOOKS BAD,
RIGHT?
STAY HERE, AWAY
FROM YOUR AWESOME BROTHER,
AND THINK ABOUT WHY
YOU CAN'T TREAT HIM
LIKE SHARK FOOD!
AND SPEAKING OF FOOD,
TIME TO GO SHOPPING,
BUT WHERE DO WE BUY
FOOD FOR A SUPER BABY?
Both: AT THE SUPERMARKET!
JINX!
TELL US YOU
HAVE A NEW PLAN!
OH, YEAH!
POOF'S REALLY
GETTING HIS
SHAPE-SHIFTING DOWN,
SO ALL WE GOT TO DO IS
GET HIM TO SHAPE-SHIFT
INTO SOMETHING THAT
WILL REALLY SCARE
THE HECK OUT OF MY MOM,
THEN SHE'LL
WILLINGLY
GIVE UP POOF.
GOOD PLAN.
I WISH THIS AISLE WAS
FULL OF BOXES
OF SUPER FORTIFIED
TERRIFYING MONSTER O's.
[ROAR]
MON-STER!
OH, HO, YOU WANT CEREAL?
LET'S SEE IF THERE ARE
ANY HARMFUL INGREDIENTS.
RAAWWWR!
PERFECT, WHEN YOUR
MOM SEES THIS,
SHE'LL DEFINITELY
GIVE UP POOF.
[SCREAMING]
HUH? RAAAA!
LET'S SEE.
SUGAR, FANGS, VENOM.
MOM!
[GIGGLING]
Woman on P.A.: GRUESOME
MONSTER CLEAN UP, AISLE 3.
HELLO, LOOK
BEHIND YOU!
TIMMY!
WHAT?
LOOK BEHIND YOU!
AAH!
[GIGGLING]
HEY, I THINK HE'S
COMING TO GIVE US A HUG!
AAH!
OR NOT.
TIMMY!
WE GOT TO STOP POOF!
POOF! STOP!
YOU'RE GONNA
HURT SOMEONE.
POSSIBLY ME!
WHOA!
[TIMMY SCREAMING]
AAH!
MAN, I CAN'T WIN TODAY.
I KNOW IT'S HARD
ACCEPTING A NEW MEMBER
TO THE FAMILY,
BUT COME ON.
A DELI SLICER?!
NOW I DON'T WANT TO
SEE YOU TRYING TO
THINLY SLICE YOUR
BROTHER AGAIN!
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
AAH!
IT'S OK. HE'S A SUPER
BABY FROM OUTER SPACE
SENT TO PROTECT US.
OK, TIMMY.
WE'VE BEEN VERY PATIENT,
BUT WE WANT
OUR BABY BACK!
I'M SORRY, WANDA.
I KNOW IF MY MOM COULD
SEE SHE'S BREAKING
ANOTHER MOTHER'S HEART,
SHE'D GIVE UP POOF!
BUT SHE THINKS
HE'S AN ALIEN.
WHERE ARE WE
GOING TO FIND
AN ALIEN MOTHER
THAT YOUR PARENTS
WILL "WILLINGLY"
GIVE POOF BACK TO?
TURNER!
I HAVE E-SCAPED FROM
THE FISH PRISON!
CAN YOU PLEASE FIX
MY FAKE-I-FIER?
I WILL DO ANYTHING
YOU ASK
IF YOU WILL ONLY,
LIKE, HELP ME, OK?
WHAT'S WITH
THE CREEPY SMILES?
[DOORBELL RINGS]
EEE!
UH, OK.
GREETINGS, EARTHLINGS.
PLEASE HELP MEND
A MOTHER'S BROKEN HEART
AND RETURN MY MOST
PRECIOUS ALIEN BABY.
WOW, HE'S REALLY GOOD!
OH. ARE YOU
SUPER BABY'S MOTHER?
AHEM.
OH, YEAH.
AND A VERY DISTRAUGHT
MOTHER AT THAT.
COME HOME WITH ME,
MY LITTLE BABY!
OH, HONEY,
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
WE MUST GIVE
SUPER BABY
TO HIS HIDEOUS
REAL MOTHER.
IT'S THE RIGHT
THING TO DO.
ALL RIGHT!
COOL!
LATERS!
OOH! OUR BABY!
WE HAVE OUR BABY BACK!
SOMEONE NEEDS
A DIAPER CHANGE.
AND IT ISN'T ME
THIS TIME.
NOW I WISH MARK'S
FAKE-I-FIER
WAS REPAIRED!
OH, MARK--I MEAN,
JUSTIN JAKE ASHTON,
IS THEIR ANYTHING WE
CAN DO FOR YOU?
I'LL TAKE THAT
DIAPER TO GO.
AHH.
OK, TIME TO REPAIR
MY MOM AND DAD'S
BROKEN HEARTS.
SO SUPER BABY'S
GONE, HUH?
HE'S WHERE HE
NEEDS TO BE.
WITH HIS REAL
MOM AND DAD.
I GUESS THIS MOM
AND DAD WILL HAVE
TO SETTLE
FOR JUST ONE SUPER SON.
YOU GUYS THINK
I'M SUPER?
OH, HO HO!
THE SUPEREST!
WHICH MEANS YOU NEED
A SUPER OUTFIT
IF YOU'RE GOING TO
FIGHT CRIME.
SO I MADE YOU
SOMETHING THAT WILL GO
WITH THOSE SUPER
TEETH OF YOURS!
I HEREBY DUB
THEE BEAVER-BOY!
NOBODY TAKES A BIGGER
BITE OUT OF CRIME!
AWESOME!
I'M A SUPER SON
AND A SUPERHERO!
BLIMEY!
A GIANT BEAVER!
GOOD HUNTIN'
IN THESE PARTS THERE IS!
LOOK, HONEY,
IT MUST BE NAP TIME!
[SNORING]
DIAPERS ROCK!
HA HA HEH.
[GRUNTING]
WAHOO!
Timmy and Poof: OOH.
AHH.
WAHOO!
[SCREAMING]
[LAUGHING]
YEAH!
IT'S A NEW RECORD!
36 WISHES
IN 5 MINUTES!
BED...SLEEP...
NEED...NOW.
IF...WE...COULD...
JUST...NAP.
GOT IT! PIZZA,
ESCALATORS,
OCTOPUSES,
ALL AT A SECRET
SWISS ALPS
TOWER SKI HOUSE
NOW!
[PANTING]
HAVING GODPARENTS ROCKS!
I WISH I HAD
A SUPER-TURBO, FAT-FREE,
CHOCOLATE SNOWBOARD!
WAHOOOO!
TURNER, YOUR WISH
ACTIVITY METER
IS OFF TH CHARTS.
LOOK! YOU ARE
ALL THE WAY UP
TO WISHY
McGREEDYPANTS.
REMEMBER, YOUR FAIRIES
ARE HERE TO HELP YOU
WHEN YOU NEED IT,
NOT ACT AS YOUR
PRIVATE WISH BUTLERS.
YEAH. I WISH
JORGEN WAS GONE.
NICE TRY.
NOW WHERE WAS I?
OH. YOU ARE WEAK,
UNDISCIPLINED,
AND ARE WORKING
YOUR FAIRIES MUCH TOO HARD.
AM NOT! JUST ASK
COSMO AND WANDA!
WORKING ME TOO HARD.
SEE?
DENIAL.
YET ANOTHER SYMPTOM
OF O.W.D...
THAT IS WHY YOU MUST
GO TO WISHING WELL.
WISHING WHAT?
WISHING WELL
IS A NEW STATE-OF-THE ART
RETREAT IN FAIRY WORLD
WHERE OVER-WISHING KIDS
LEARN HOW TO TAKE CARE
OF THEMSELVES
AND STOP WEARING OUT
THEIR FAIRIES.
I DO NOT HAVE O.W.D.
I WISH JORGEN WAS
A SOCCER BALL
AND I HAD
A BIONIC FOOT!
LIKE THAT WILL WORK.
AAH!
[GRUNTING]
NICE KICK.
NOW OFF TO WISHING WELL!
OH, I'M SURE TIMMY
WILL BE FINE.
YEAH, AND NOW WE FINALLY
GET A CHANCE TO RELAX.
WAAH!
NOT RELAXED!
WELCOME TO WISHING WELL!
HEY. THIS PLACE IS
KIND OF NICE.
OH, WAIT.
IT GETS BETTER.
[SNAP]
NOW SAY HELLO
TO THE OTHER TWO MEMBERS
OF THE INAUGURAL CLASS.
GIVE IT UP
FOR MOLLY AND DWIGHT.
I WISH YOU WOULD
ALL GO AWAY.
I WISH MY FAIRY
IRVING WAS HERE.
I WISH YOU WOULD
SHUT YOUR TRAP.
YEAH? I WISH YOU'D
SHUT YOUR ATTITUDE.
I WISH THOSE ALARMS
WERE OFF!
OH. THIS IS GOING
TO BE TOUGHER
THAN I THOUGHT.
POOFY, STOP CRYING.
MAYBE HE NEEDS
A NEW DIAPER.
OOH! THAT'S A YES.
BE RIGHT BACK.
SUCCESS, BUT WE'RE
GONNA HAVE TO REPAINT
THE NURSERY.
AND POOF'S
STILL CRYING.
WAIT. I HAVE
ANOTHER IDEA.
HERE. YOU HOLD POOF
FOR A SECOND.
COSMO? COSMO?
NOT FUNNY.
STEP ONE ON YOUR
ROAD TO RECOVERY--
THE WISHING WELL
FUNHOUSE,
WHERE INSIDE YOU
MUST CONFRONT
YOUR BIGGEST FEARS
AND TRY TO
CONQUER THEM
WITHOUT WISHING.
WHAT'S WITH
THE ANKLETS, JARHEAD?
SOMEBODY MAKE A WISH
AND FIND OUT.
I WISH YOU WERE COVERED
IN FIRE ANTS.
OW!
A FRUITCAKE?
WHO HITS SOMEONE
WITH A FRUITCAKE?
Jorgen: OH.
I ALMOST FORGOT.
YOUR ANKLETS WILL TRIGGER
OUR MASSIVE ALARM SYSTEM,
WHICH SHOCKS YOU
IF YOU TRY TO ESCAPE.
OK. NOW LET THE STOP WISHING
SUPERFUN TRAINING BEGIN!
AAH!
UGH!
UNH!
AAH! VICKY!
Molly: AAH! SNAKES!
Dwight: AAH!
A HARPOON!
I DREAMT I WAS
A WHALE ONCE,
AND THEY WANTED
MY BLUBBER.
COME ON, GREATEST FEARS!
GET THEM!
I WISH VICKY WAS GONE!
I WISH THE SNAKE
WAS GONE!
I WISH NO HARPOONY!
OW!
NICE JOB.
NO, REALLY GOOD.
YOU'VE PROVEN TO ME
THAT YOU CAN SURVIVE
IN THE WORLD
WITHOUT FAIRIES,
SO I GUESS YOU CAN
ALL GO HOME NOW.
REALLY?
YOU WISH!
UNH! OHH! UNH!
NOW FOR STEP TWO
OF MY WISHING WELL
PROGRAM,
THE CAFETERIA!
WHERE'S THE FOOD?
IF YOU WANT
BREAKFAST,
YOU ARE GOING TO
HAVE TO MAKE IT
YOURSELVES.
YOUR FAIRIES
CANNOT COOK
FOR YOU FOREVER.
JUST SHOW ME
WHERE THE OVEN IS,
AND I'LL MAKE PANCAKES
THAT WILL BLOW YOUR
TASTE BUDS AWAY.
WELL, YOU BLEW UP
THE KITCHEN.
THAT'S CLOSE.
NOW YOU CAN ALL
CLEAN UP THIS MESS
WITHOUT WISHING!
AND HURRY UP.
THE GARBAGE TRUCK
COMES AT 8:00.
THEN IT'S ON
TO STEP 3!
I WON'T TELL YOU
WHAT IT IS,
BUT I WILL GIVE YOU A HINT.
IT INVOLVES TYING YOUR
SHOES WITHOUT WISHING.
WOW! THAT WAS
A REALLY BIG HINT.
NOT EVEN A BOTTLE
WILL STOP POOF'S
CRYING.
TRY MY DOLLY.
IT CALMS ME DOWN.
I MADE IT TO FILL
THE VOID SINCE
TIMMY LEFT.
PULL THE STRING.
I DIDN'T DO IT.
TIMMY.
COSMO, LOOK.
POOF ISN'T WET
OR HUNGRY.
HE JUST MISSES TIMMY.
BUT NOW I'M WET
AND HUNGRY,
AND I MISS TIMMY!
AND NOW THAT I
THINK ABOUT IT,
SO DO I!
[DWIGHT CRYING]
ALL I ASKED WAS
THAT YOU TIE YOUR SHOES
WITHOUT WISHING.
NOW STEP 4!
WHAT IF A REAL
EMERGENCY HIT
AND YOU DIDN'T HAVE
YOUR FAIRIES TO SAVE YOU?
LIKE A QUICKSAND FLOOR!
[SCREAMING]
I WISH--I MEAN,
HELP!
RIGHT. HELP!
WHAT IS THE WORD
I AM LOOKING FOR?
UM, OH, YEAH. PATHETIC!
DID IT OCCUR
TO ANY OF YOU
OVER-WISHERS
TO GRAB THE BED FRAME
OR GRAB THESE
CONVENIENT ROPES
HANGING FROM THE CEILING
OR SIMPLY TURN
THE QUICKSAND FLOOR OFF?
IT IS GOOD YOU
WILL BE HERE
BECAUSE I HAVE
A SPECIAL TEST FOR YOU,
AND I'LL GIVE YOU
A HINT!
IT INVOLVES SCRUBBING
FILTHY TOILETS.
DARN IT! NOTE TO SELF,
NO MORE HINTS.
HOW DOES CLEANING TOILETS
GET US TO STOP WISHING?
Jorgen: IT DOESN'T HELP
YOU STOP WISHING.
THEY WERE JUST
REALLY GROSS.
HAPPY SCRUBBING.
HA HA HA! HA! HA HA!
THAT DOES IT.
I'M DONE
WITH FRUITCAKES
AND QUICKSAND FLOORS
AND TOILETS!
WE'RE BREAKING
OUT OF HERE!
WHERE ARE WE GONNA GO,
TIMBUCKTOOTH?
WE'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE UNLESS
WE TEAM UP!
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SAY THIS,
BUT JORGEN'S RIGHT.
I DO ASK MY FAIRIES
FOR TOO MUCH,
BUT I'M TOTALLY
SICK OF THIS PLACE,
SO I'M BUSTING
OUT TONIGHT!
NO MAGIC!
NOW ARE YOU WITH ME?
I'M IN.
BUT DON'T TOUCH ME
AGAIN.
Wanda: YOU'RE RIGHT, COSMO.
MAKING A SAND CASTLE
DOES REALLY GET OUR MINDS
OFF OF YOU KNOW WHO.
I DON'T WANT
SANDY TIMMY.
I WANT REAL,
NOT-SANDY TIMMY!
I'M WET AND HUNGRY
AGAIN!
WAIT A MINUTE.
WE CAN GO VISIT HIM.
YOU'RE RIGHT!
TO THE REAL,
NOT-SANDY TIMMY!
Jorgen: TIME FOR BED,
OVER-WISHING WIMPS.
LIGHTS OUT.
NONESCAPE LASERS ON.
OK. LET'S DO THIS.
BUT HOW? JORGEN
LOCKED THE DOOR.
DOORS? WE DON'T
NEED DOORS.
GERONIMO!
MOVE OUT!
[PANTING]
AAH! IT'S OUR
WORST FEARS!
THEY WANT MY BLUBBER.
NO. THEY'RE OUR
TICKET TO FREEDOM.
OH, NO!
EVIL VICKYBOT,
PLEASE DON'T HACK
THESE SPECIAL
ANKLE BRACELETS
OFF OUR LEGS.
WE LOVE THEM SO.
FEELING SCARED YET?
TERRIFIED.
I REALLY AM.
COME ON!
AAH!
MOLLY, SNAKE TIME.
YOU CAN DO IT.
HEY. I GOT OVER
MY FEAR OF SNAKES
WITHOUT WISHING.
YEAH, BUT WE
STILL HAVE TO GET
OVER THE WALL.
DWIGHT, GRAB
THE HARPOON.
IT DOESN'T WANT
YOUR BLUBBER.
I'M NOT A WHALE.
I AM NOT A WHALE!
HA HA HA!
I DID IT!
TIME TO CLIMB!
NOW WHAT?
TIMMY! OH,
WE MISSED YOU!
IT TOOK US FOREVER
TO FIND THIS PLACE.
SO THESE ARE
YOUR FAIRIES?
YEP!
PRETTY LAME.
YOU'RE NO PRIZE
YOURSELF, SISTER.
I THINK
THEY'RE CUTE!
AWKWARD.
OH, NO! JORGEN KNOWS
WE'VE ESCAPED!
QUICK. MAKE A WISH,
AND WE'LL GET YOU
OUT OF THIS DUMP.
NO. I REALLY
OVER-WISHED YOU GUYS,
AND I'M SORRY.
WE'LL TAKE THIS ONE.
HOW?
WE ARE DOOMED!
LET'S JUST SAY IT'S TIME
TO TAKE OUT THE TRASH.
3, 2, 1!
JUMP!
AAH!
WHOO-HOO!
YEAH!
TOUCHING.
YOU'RE TOUCHING.
AND NOW WE'RE DOOMED,
RIGHT?
NO, BUT I WILL
GIVE YOU A HINT.
YOU HAVE GRADUATED!
OH, DANG.
WHOO-HOO!
YEAH!
YOU ALL
MADE A DARING
AND SUCCESSFUL ESCAPE
NOT BY WISHING BUT BY WORKING
TOGETHER ON YOUR OWN,
AND WHILE I WOULD LIKE
TO PUNISH YOU PAINFULLY,
I WILL INSTEAD SAY
CONGRATULATIONS!
YEAH!
YAY!
OHH!
IRVING, THIS IS
THE BOY WHO TAUGHT ME
NOT TO FEAR BLUBBER.
YOU HAVE
REALLY BIG TEETH.
TIMMY, THIS IS
MY FAIRY SWIZZLE.
WOW! MOLLY'S
A REALLY COOL GIRL.
DON'T EVER
TOUCH ME AGAIN.
AND I SEE WHERE
SHE GETS IT FROM.
NOW LET US CELEBRATE!
LET US WISH YOU GUYS
UP A GRADUATION FEAST.
WAIT. WE WANT TO COOK
FOR YOU GUYS THIS TIME.
Jorgen: WHO WANTS
FRUITCAKE?
Dwight: THEY WANT MY BLUBBER.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
NICKELODEON
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--